Frame 24 to 28: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 24 to 28 is: four different shots of a man in a black shirtThe image is of a man in a black shirtThe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  of a man in a black shirt talking to a womanThe second  The second scene   is when the man is in the elevator and he is talking to the womanThe third  The third scene   is a close up of the man's faceThe man is in a dark room, he is in a dark room, he is in a speech_text:   SPEAKER 17 says:  He used the stones again.  SPEAKER 9 says:  Hey, hey.  SPEAKER 5 says:  We'd be going in short-handed, you know?  SPEAKER 10 says:  Look, he's still got the stones, so...  SPEAKER 12 says:  So let's get him.  SPEAKER 21 says:  We used them to bring everyone back.  SPEAKER 11 says:  Just like that?  SPEAKER 28 says:  Yeah.  SPEAKER 17 says:  Just like that.  SPEAKER 17 says:  Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this, I mean, we owe it to everyone who's  SPEAKER 17 says:  not in this room to try.  SPEAKER 5 says:  If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?  Frame 24 to 28 text end.   
Frame 28 to 32: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 28 to 32 is: four different shots of a woman and man in a roomThe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  of a man and woman in a room. The man is lookingThe second  The second scene   is a close up of the woman's faceThe third  The third scene   is a close up of the woman's faceThe  The fourth scene   where the woman is talking to the man in the office speech_text:   SPEAKER 5 says:  We'd be going in short-handed, you know?  SPEAKER 10 says:  Look, he's still got the stones, so...  SPEAKER 12 says:  So let's get him.  SPEAKER 21 says:  We used them to bring everyone back.  SPEAKER 11 says:  Just like that?  SPEAKER 28 says:  Yeah.  SPEAKER 17 says:  Just like that.  SPEAKER 17 says:  Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this, I mean, we owe it to everyone who's  SPEAKER 17 says:  not in this room to try.  SPEAKER 5 says:  If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?  SPEAKER 21 says:  It was before you didn't have me.  Frame 28 to 32 text end.   
Frame 32 to 36: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 32 to 36 is: the man in black is talking to the woman in the roomthe man is talking to the womanThe third  The third scene   is when the woman is in the room with the man speech_text:   SPEAKER 12 says:  So let's get him.  SPEAKER 21 says:  We used them to bring everyone back.  SPEAKER 11 says:  Just like that?  SPEAKER 28 says:  Yeah.  SPEAKER 17 says:  Just like that.  SPEAKER 17 says:  Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this, I mean, we owe it to everyone who's  SPEAKER 17 says:  not in this room to try.  SPEAKER 5 says:  If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?  SPEAKER 21 says:  It was before you didn't have me.  SPEAKER 10 says:  Hey, new girl, everybody in this room is about that superhero life.  Frame 32 to 36 text end.   
Frame 36 to 40: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 36 to 40 is: four different shots of a man and woman in a roomThe first  The first scene  is a close up of the woman's faceThe woman is in the kitchen, the man is in the living roomThe woman is in the kitchen, and the man is in the living roomThe woman is in the dark, and the man is in the light speech_text:   SPEAKER 28 says:  Yeah.  SPEAKER 17 says:  Just like that.  SPEAKER 17 says:  Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this, I mean, we owe it to everyone who's  SPEAKER 17 says:  not in this room to try.  SPEAKER 5 says:  If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?  SPEAKER 21 says:  It was before you didn't have me.  SPEAKER 10 says:  Hey, new girl, everybody in this room is about that superhero life.  SPEAKER 10 says:  And if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time?  Frame 36 to 40 text end.   
Frame 40 to 44: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 40 to 44 is: the four different  overall scenes s show a man and woman in a roomThe second  The second scene   is when the woman is in the room with the manThe third  The third scene   is the  The third scene   where the woman is in the room with the man speech_text:   SPEAKER 17 says:  not in this room to try.  SPEAKER 5 says:  If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?  SPEAKER 21 says:  It was before you didn't have me.  SPEAKER 10 says:  Hey, new girl, everybody in this room is about that superhero life.  SPEAKER 10 says:  And if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time?  SPEAKER 21 says:  There are a lot of other planets in the universe, but unfortunately, they didn't have you guys.  Frame 40 to 44 text end.   
Frame 44 to 48: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 44 to 48 is: four different shots of a man and woman in a kitchen speech_text:   SPEAKER 21 says:  It was before you didn't have me.  SPEAKER 10 says:  Hey, new girl, everybody in this room is about that superhero life.  SPEAKER 10 says:  And if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time?  SPEAKER 21 says:  There are a lot of other planets in the universe, but unfortunately, they didn't have you guys.  Frame 44 to 48 text end.   