Frame 0 to 8: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 0 to 8 is: the video shows the different images of the moviethe woman is looking at the cameraThe first  The first scene  is a close up of a woman's face.The second  The second scene   is a close up of a woman's face.The third  The third scene   is a close up of a woman's face.The fourth  The fourth scene   is a close up of a woman's face. speech_text:   Frame 0 to 8 text end.   
Frame 8 to 16: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 8 to 16 is: four different  overall scenes s of a woman in a roomthe woman is looking at the man and the man is looking at the womanthe first  The first scene  is a montage of the main characters in thethe  The second scene   where the woman is talking to the man in the roomthe  The third scene   where the woman is talking to the manthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a montage of the characters in the speech_text:   SPEAKER 34 says:  He used the stones again.  SPEAKER 2 says:  Hey, hey.  SPEAKER 19 says:  We'd be going in short-handed, you know?  Frame 8 to 16 text end.   
Frame 16 to 24: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 16 to 24 is: four different  overall scenes s of the avengers moviecaptain america civil warthe  The first scene  where captain america and black widow are in the room with thethe  The second scene   where the avengers are in the room and the avengers are talking about thethe  The third scene   where the avengers are in the room and the avengers are talking about thethe  The fourth scene   where the avengers are in the room and the avengers are talking about the speech_text:   SPEAKER 34 says:  He used the stones again.  SPEAKER 2 says:  Hey, hey.  SPEAKER 19 says:  We'd be going in short-handed, you know?  SPEAKER 1 says:  Look, he's still got the stones, so...  SPEAKER 13 says:  So let's get him.  SPEAKER 21 says:  We used them to bring everyone back.  SPEAKER 3 says:  Just like that?  SPEAKER 24 says:  Yeah.  Frame 16 to 24 text end.   
Frame 24 to 32: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 24 to 32 is: four different images of a man and woman in a roomthe man is talking to the woman and the woman is looking at himthe first  The first scene  is a montage of the main characters in the officethe second  The second scene   is a montage of the two characters talking about thethe third  The third scene   is a montage of the three main charactersthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a montage of the four main characters speech_text:   SPEAKER 34 says:  He used the stones again.  SPEAKER 2 says:  Hey, hey.  SPEAKER 19 says:  We'd be going in short-handed, you know?  SPEAKER 1 says:  Look, he's still got the stones, so...  SPEAKER 13 says:  So let's get him.  SPEAKER 21 says:  We used them to bring everyone back.  SPEAKER 3 says:  Just like that?  SPEAKER 24 says:  Yeah.  SPEAKER 34 says:  Just like that.  SPEAKER 34 says:  Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this, I mean, we owe it to everyone who's  SPEAKER 34 says:  not in this room to try.  SPEAKER 19 says:  If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?  Frame 24 to 32 text end.   
Frame 32 to 40: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 32 to 40 is: four different  overall scenes s of a woman in black dressthe woman is talking to the man and the man is looking at the womanthe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  where the main character is in a room with a man and athe  The second scene   where the woman is talking to the manthe  The third scene   where the woman is talking to the manthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a  The fourth scene   where the main character is in a room with a man and a speech_text:   SPEAKER 13 says:  So let's get him.  SPEAKER 21 says:  We used them to bring everyone back.  SPEAKER 3 says:  Just like that?  SPEAKER 24 says:  Yeah.  SPEAKER 34 says:  Just like that.  SPEAKER 34 says:  Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this, I mean, we owe it to everyone who's  SPEAKER 34 says:  not in this room to try.  SPEAKER 19 says:  If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?  SPEAKER 21 says:  It was before you didn't have me.  SPEAKER 1 says:  Hey, new girl, everybody in this room is about that superhero life.  Frame 32 to 40 text end.   
Frame 40 to 48: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 40 to 48 is: four different  overall scenes s of a woman in a kitchenthe woman is talking to the man and the man is looking at the womanthe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  where a woman is in a kitchen and a man is in athe  The second scene   where the woman is in the kitchen and the man is in the living roomthe  The third scene   where the woman is in the kitchen and the man is in the living roomthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a  The fourth scene   where the main character is in the kitchen speech_text:   SPEAKER 34 says:  not in this room to try.  SPEAKER 19 says:  If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?  SPEAKER 21 says:  It was before you didn't have me.  SPEAKER 1 says:  Hey, new girl, everybody in this room is about that superhero life.  SPEAKER 1 says:  And if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time?  SPEAKER 21 says:  There are a lot of other planets in the universe, but unfortunately, they didn't have you guys.  Frame 40 to 48 text end.   