Frame 384 to 388:The vision summary is: four different shots of a man in a suit and tiethe man in the suit is talking to the man in the suitThe elevator  The first scene The elevator  The second scene  The elevator  The third scene  The elevator  The fourth scene    SPEAKER 16 says:  Good luck on your project, Doctor.  SPEAKER 33 says:  You're new here.  Frame 384 to 388 text end.   
Frame 388 to 392:The vision summary is: four different shots of a man in a suit standing in an elevatorthe man is in the elevator and the woman is in the elevatorThe elevator  The first scene The second  The second scene   is a close up of the man's face as he is talking to the womanThe elevator is empty, and the man is standing in the middle of the roomthe elevator  The fourth scene    SPEAKER 33 says:  You're new here.  Frame 388 to 392 text end.   
Frame 392 to 396:The vision summary is: four different shots of a man in uniform standing in front of a doorthe man is standing in the elevator and the woman is standing next to himThe elevator  The first scene The elevator  The second scene  the elevator  The third scene  the elevator  The fourth scene    SPEAKER 33 says:  Not exactly.  Frame 392 to 396 text end.   
Frame 396 to 400:The vision summary is: four different shots of a woman in a hallwaythe woman is in the elevator and the man is in the hallwaythe elevator  The first scene the woman is in the elevator and the man is in the hallwaythe woman is in the elevator and the man is in the hallwaythe woman is in the elevator and the man is in the hallway  SPEAKER 36 says:  You've never seen these two men before?  Frame 396 to 400 text end.   
Frame 400 to 404:The vision summary is: four different shots of a man in uniform walking down a hallwaythe man is walking in the hallwayThe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  of a man walking down a hallway with a man in a militaryThe second  The second scene   is a close up of the man in the green uniform walking down the hallwayThe  The third scene   is of the man walking down the hallwaythe  The fourth scene   where the man is walking down the hallway  SPEAKER 36 says:  You've never seen these two men before?  SPEAKER 36 says:  No, I've got an eye for this.  SPEAKER 7 says:  The two of them look fishy.  SPEAKER 19 says:  Can you describe them?  Frame 400 to 404 text end.   
Frame 404 to 408:The vision summary is: four different shots of a man in uniform walking down a hallwaythe man in the green uniform is walking down the hallwaythe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  of a man walking down a hallwaythe  The second scene   where the man is walking down the hallwaythe  The third scene   where the man is walking down the hallwaythe  The fourth scene   where the man is walking down the hallway  SPEAKER 7 says:  Well, one of them had a hippie beard.  SPEAKER 36 says:  A hippie, like Bee Gees or Mungo Jerry?  SPEAKER 36 says:  Definitely Mungo Jerry.  SPEAKER 4 says:  Yeah, this is Chesler.  Frame 404 to 408 text end.   
Frame 408 to 412:The vision summary is: the movie is showing four different  overall scenes s of people in uniformthe man in the green uniform is walking down the hallwaythe  The first scene  where the man is walking down the hallwaythe  The second scene   where the man is walking down the hallwaythe  The third scene   where the man in the green uniform is walking down the hallwaythe  The fourth scene   where the man is walking down the hallway  SPEAKER 4 says:  Yeah, this is Chesler.  SPEAKER 36 says:  I need every available MP to sublevel six.  SPEAKER 36 says:  We have a potential breach.  Frame 408 to 412 text end.   
Frame 412 to 416:The vision summary is: four different shots of people in uniform walking down a hallwaythe man in the black suit is walking down the hallwayThe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  of a man in uniform walking down a hallwaythe  The second scene   where the man in the uniform is walking down the hallwaythe  The third scene   where the man in the uniform is walking down the hallwaythe  The fourth scene   where the man in the uniform is walking down the hallway  Frame 412 to 416 text end.   