Frame 48 to 56: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 48 to 56 is: four different  overall scenes s of a woman and man in a roomthe man is trying to get the woman to leave the roomthe  The first scene  where hulk is in the room with the woman and the manthe  The second scene   where hulk is in the room with the woman and the manthe  The third scene   where hulk is in the room with the woman and the manthe  The fourth scene   where hulk is in the room with the woman and the man speech_text:   SPEAKER 21 says:  It was before you didn't have me.  SPEAKER 1 says:  Hey, new girl, everybody in this room is about that superhero life.  SPEAKER 1 says:  And if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time?  SPEAKER 21 says:  There are a lot of other planets in the universe, but unfortunately, they didn't have you guys.  Frame 48 to 56 text end.   
Frame 56 to 64: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 56 to 64 is: four different  overall scenes s of a woman and man in a kitchenthe girl is talking to the guy and he is looking at herthe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  where the two characters are talking to each otherthe  The second scene   where he is in the kitchen and she is in the living roomthe third  The third scene   is a  The third scene   where the man is talking to the womanthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a  The fourth scene   where the two characters are talking to each other speech_text:   SPEAKER 21 says:  There are a lot of other planets in the universe, but unfortunately, they didn't have you guys.  Frame 56 to 64 text end.   
Frame 64 to 72: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 64 to 72 is: four different  overall scenes s of people in a restaurantthe  overall scenes  is from the movie avengersthe  The first scene  where the two people are talking to each otherthe  The second scene   where the two people are talking to each otherthe  The third scene   where the two people are talking to each otherthe  The fourth scene   where the two people are talking to each other speech_text:   SPEAKER 26 says:  I like this one.  Frame 64 to 72 text end.   
Frame 72 to 80: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 72 to 80 is: the avengers hulk in four different shotsthe hulk is in the middle of a fight with the avengersthe first  The first scene  is the  The first scene  where hulk is in the elevatorthe hulk is in the middle of a fight with the hulkbusterthe hulk is in the middle of a fight with the hulkbusterthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a close up of hulk's face speech_text:   SPEAKER 26 says:  I like this one.  SPEAKER 5 says:  Let's go get this son of a bitch.  SPEAKER 19 says:  For years, I've been treating the Hulk like he's some kind of disease, something to get  Frame 72 to 80 text end.   
Frame 80 to 88: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 80 to 88 is: four different images of the hulk in a restauranthulk is talking to thor in the  overall scenes the first  The first scene  is the  The first scene  where hulk is in the restaurant and he is talking to thethe hulk is in the kitchen and he is talking to the chefthe hulk is in the kitchen and he is talking to the chefthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a  The fourth scene   where hulk is in a restaurant and he is talking to a speech_text:   SPEAKER 26 says:  I like this one.  SPEAKER 5 says:  Let's go get this son of a bitch.  SPEAKER 19 says:  For years, I've been treating the Hulk like he's some kind of disease, something to get  SPEAKER 4 says:  rid of.  SPEAKER 19 says:  But then I started looking at him as the cure.  SPEAKER 19 says:  Eighteen months in a gamma lab.  Frame 80 to 88 text end.   
Frame 88 to 96: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 88 to 96 is: the avengers hulk and thor are eating togetherthe hulk is in the diner and he is talking to the waitressthe hulk is in the diner with his family and he is eating a burgerthe hulk is in the diner with the avengersthe hulk is in the diner with the avengersthe hulk is eating breakfast with his family speech_text:   SPEAKER 19 says:  For years, I've been treating the Hulk like he's some kind of disease, something to get  SPEAKER 4 says:  rid of.  SPEAKER 19 says:  But then I started looking at him as the cure.  SPEAKER 19 says:  Eighteen months in a gamma lab.  SPEAKER 19 says:  I put the brains and the brawn together, and now look at me.  SPEAKER 29 says:  I'm the best of both worlds.  SPEAKER 13 says:  Excuse me, Mr. Hulk?  SPEAKER 18 says:  Yes.  Frame 88 to 96 text end.   