Frame 48 to 52: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 48 to 52 is: four different  overall scenes s of a woman and man in a housethe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  where the two characters are talking to each otherthe  The second scene   where the two characters are talking in the kitchenthe  The third scene   where the two women are talking to each otherthe  The fourth scene   where the two people are talking in the room speech_text:   SPEAKER 21 says:  It was before you didn't have me.  SPEAKER 1 says:  Hey, new girl, everybody in this room is about that superhero life.  SPEAKER 1 says:  And if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time?  SPEAKER 21 says:  There are a lot of other planets in the universe, but unfortunately, they didn't have you guys.  Frame 48 to 52 text end.   
Frame 52 to 56: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 52 to 56 is: the avengers hulk and thor are in a roomthe avengers are in the avengers tower and they are talking about thethe  The first scene  where hulk is in the elevator and he is trying to get outthe  The second scene   where hulk is in the elevator and he is talking to the womanthe  The third scene   where hulk is in the elevator with thor and lokithe  The fourth scene   where hulk is in the room with the woman and the man speech_text:   SPEAKER 1 says:  And if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time?  SPEAKER 21 says:  There are a lot of other planets in the universe, but unfortunately, they didn't have you guys.  Frame 52 to 56 text end.   
Frame 56 to 60: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 56 to 60 is: four different images of a woman and manthe man is talking to the woman and the woman is looking at the manthe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  where hugh jackman is talking to a womanthe  The second scene   where hulk is in the bar and he is talking to the girlthe  The third scene   where hulk is in the bar and he is talking to the girlthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a  The fourth scene   where hank and linda are in the kitchen speech_text:   SPEAKER 21 says:  There are a lot of other planets in the universe, but unfortunately, they didn't have you guys.  Frame 56 to 60 text end.   
Frame 60 to 64: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 60 to 64 is: four different images of a man and woman in a kitchenthe man is looking at the woman and she is looking at himthe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  where chris hemsworth is in the kitchen and he isthe  The second scene   where he is in the kitchen and she is in the living roomthe third  The third scene   is a  The third scene   where the two characters are talking to each otherthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a  The fourth scene   where chris hemsworth is talking to his wife speech_text:   Frame 60 to 64 text end.   
Frame 64 to 68: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 64 to 68 is: four different  overall scenes s of a woman looking at the camerathe girl is looking at the camera and the guy is looking at herthe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  where the main character is in a room with a man and athe  The second scene   where the girl is looking at the planetthe  The third scene   where the girl is looking at the planetthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a close up of the girl's face as she looks at the speech_text:   SPEAKER 26 says:  I like this one.  Frame 64 to 68 text end.   
Frame 68 to 72: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 68 to 72 is: four different images of a man eating and drinkingthe man is eating a sandwich and the woman is looking at himthe  The first scene  where the man is eating the foodthe  The second scene   is a  The second scene   of a man and a woman sitting at a table eatingthe  The third scene   where the man is eating the foodthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a  The fourth scene   where the main character is eating a meal with his family speech_text:   SPEAKER 26 says:  I like this one.  SPEAKER 5 says:  Let's go get this son of a bitch.  Frame 68 to 72 text end.   