Frame 72 to 76: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 72 to 76 is: the avengers hulk in four different shotsthe hulk is in the middle of a fight with the hulkbusterthe first  The first scene  is the  The first scene  where hulk is in the bar and he is talking to thethe second  The second scene   is a close up of hulk's facethe third  The third scene   is a close up of hulk's facethe fourth  The fourth scene   is a close up of hulk's face speech_text:   SPEAKER 26 says:  I like this one.  SPEAKER 5 says:  Let's go get this son of a bitch.  SPEAKER 19 says:  For years, I've been treating the Hulk like he's some kind of disease, something to get  Frame 72 to 76 text end.   
Frame 76 to 80: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 76 to 80 is: the avengers hulk in glassesthe hulk is in the avengersthe first  The first scene  is the hulk and thor fighting in the cavethe hulk is in the middle of a conversation with thorthe hulk is in the middle of a conversation with thorthe fourth  The fourth scene   is the one where hulk is in the speech_text:   SPEAKER 26 says:  I like this one.  SPEAKER 5 says:  Let's go get this son of a bitch.  SPEAKER 19 says:  For years, I've been treating the Hulk like he's some kind of disease, something to get  SPEAKER 4 says:  rid of.  SPEAKER 19 says:  But then I started looking at him as the cure.  Frame 76 to 80 text end.   
Frame 80 to 84: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 80 to 84 is: four different images of the hulk in the moviehulk is talking to thorthe first  The first scene  is the  The first scene  where hulk is in the restaurant and he is talking to thethe hulk is in the kitchen and he is talking to the chefthe hulk is in the kitchen and he is talking to the chefthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a close up of hulk's face as he is talking to thor speech_text:   SPEAKER 26 says:  I like this one.  SPEAKER 5 says:  Let's go get this son of a bitch.  SPEAKER 19 says:  For years, I've been treating the Hulk like he's some kind of disease, something to get  SPEAKER 4 says:  rid of.  SPEAKER 19 says:  But then I started looking at him as the cure.  SPEAKER 19 says:  Eighteen months in a gamma lab.  Frame 80 to 84 text end.   
Frame 84 to 88: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 84 to 88 is: four different images of a man in a suitthe hulk is in the kitchen and he is talking to the guythe first  The first scene  is a man in a suit talking to a woman in a suitthe  The second scene   where hulk is in the kitchen and he is talking to the guythe hulk is in the kitchen and he is talking to the guythe fourth  The fourth scene   is a man in a suit talking to a man in a suit speech_text:   SPEAKER 5 says:  Let's go get this son of a bitch.  SPEAKER 19 says:  For years, I've been treating the Hulk like he's some kind of disease, something to get  SPEAKER 4 says:  rid of.  SPEAKER 19 says:  But then I started looking at him as the cure.  SPEAKER 19 says:  Eighteen months in a gamma lab.  SPEAKER 19 says:  I put the brains and the brawn together, and now look at me.  Frame 84 to 88 text end.   
Frame 88 to 92: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 88 to 92 is: the avengers are eating at a restaurantthe avengers are eating dinnerthe  The first scene  where hulk and thor are talking to each otherthe  The second scene   where hulk and thor are talking to each otherthe  The third scene   where hulk and thor are talking to each otherthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a  The fourth scene   where hulk and thor are eating at a restaurant speech_text:   SPEAKER 19 says:  For years, I've been treating the Hulk like he's some kind of disease, something to get  SPEAKER 4 says:  rid of.  SPEAKER 19 says:  But then I started looking at him as the cure.  SPEAKER 19 says:  Eighteen months in a gamma lab.  SPEAKER 19 says:  I put the brains and the brawn together, and now look at me.  SPEAKER 29 says:  I'm the best of both worlds.  SPEAKER 13 says:  Excuse me, Mr. Hulk?  SPEAKER 18 says:  Yes.  Frame 88 to 92 text end.   
Frame 92 to 96: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 92 to 96 is: the avengers hulk  overall scenes  with three different imageshulk and thor are having a conversation about the future of the universethe hulk is in the kitchen with his family and he is eating a sandwichthe hulk is eating breakfast with his familythe hulk is eating breakfast with his familythe hulk is eating breakfast with his family speech_text:   SPEAKER 4 says:  rid of.  SPEAKER 19 says:  But then I started looking at him as the cure.  SPEAKER 19 says:  Eighteen months in a gamma lab.  SPEAKER 19 says:  I put the brains and the brawn together, and now look at me.  SPEAKER 29 says:  I'm the best of both worlds.  SPEAKER 13 says:  Excuse me, Mr. Hulk?  SPEAKER 18 says:  Yes.  SPEAKER 16 says:  Can we get a photo?  SPEAKER 13 says:  One hundred percent, little person.  SPEAKER 19 says:  Come on, step out.  SPEAKER 23 says:  Do you mind?  Frame 92 to 96 text end.   