Frame 0 to 4: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 0 to 4 is: kino check - abstract backgroundthe image is a series of abstract shapes that areThe first  The first scene  is a purple and pink abstract background with aThe second  The second scene   is a purple and pink abstract background with aThe third  The third scene   is a purple and pink abstract background with aThe fourth  The fourth scene   is a purple and blue abstract background with a speech_text:   Frame 0 to 4 text end.   
Frame 4 to 8: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 4 to 8 is: four different  overall scenes s of a woman looking at a planetthe woman is looking at the manthe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  where the main character is in a room with a man and athe  The second scene   where the woman is looking at the planetthe  The third scene   where the woman is looking at the planetthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a montage of the characters in the movie speech_text:   Frame 4 to 8 text end.   
Frame 8 to 12: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 8 to 12 is: four different  overall scenes s of a woman and man in a roomthe woman is talking to the man in the backgroundthe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  where the main character is in a bar and she is talking tothe  The second scene   where the woman is talking to the man in thethe  The third scene   where the woman is talking to the man in thethe  The fourth scene   where the woman is talking to the man in the speech_text:   SPEAKER 34 says:  He used the stones again.  SPEAKER 2 says:  Hey, hey.  SPEAKER 19 says:  We'd be going in short-handed, you know?  Frame 8 to 12 text end.   
Frame 12 to 16: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 12 to 16 is: four different images of a woman in a dressthe woman is looking at the camerathe first  The first scene  is a montage of the four main charactersthe  The second scene   where she is in the kitchen and she is talking to herthe  The third scene   where she is in the kitchen and she is talking to herthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a montage of the four women speech_text:   SPEAKER 34 says:  He used the stones again.  SPEAKER 2 says:  Hey, hey.  SPEAKER 19 says:  We'd be going in short-handed, you know?  SPEAKER 1 says:  Look, he's still got the stones, so...  SPEAKER 13 says:  So let's get him.  Frame 12 to 16 text end.   
Frame 16 to 20: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 16 to 20 is: captain america civil war - the avengers - the avengers - the avengers -captain america civil warthe first  The first scene  is the  The first scene  where captain america is in the room with thethe  The second scene   where scarlett johansson is talking to the guy in the barthe  The third scene   where the girl is looking at the camerathe fourth  The fourth scene   is the one where the girl is talking to the guy speech_text:   SPEAKER 34 says:  He used the stones again.  SPEAKER 2 says:  Hey, hey.  SPEAKER 19 says:  We'd be going in short-handed, you know?  SPEAKER 1 says:  Look, he's still got the stones, so...  SPEAKER 13 says:  So let's get him.  SPEAKER 21 says:  We used them to bring everyone back.  SPEAKER 3 says:  Just like that?  SPEAKER 24 says:  Yeah.  Frame 16 to 20 text end.   
Frame 20 to 24: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 20 to 24 is: four different images of a woman in a black suitthe woman is talking to the man and the man is looking at the womanthe first  The first scene  is a  The first scene  where the woman is talking to the manthe  The second scene   where the woman is talking to the manthe  The third scene   where the woman is talking to the manthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a close up of the woman's face as she looks at the camera speech_text:   SPEAKER 34 says:  He used the stones again.  SPEAKER 2 says:  Hey, hey.  SPEAKER 19 says:  We'd be going in short-handed, you know?  SPEAKER 1 says:  Look, he's still got the stones, so...  SPEAKER 13 says:  So let's get him.  SPEAKER 21 says:  We used them to bring everyone back.  SPEAKER 3 says:  Just like that?  SPEAKER 24 says:  Yeah.  SPEAKER 34 says:  Just like that.  SPEAKER 34 says:  Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this, I mean, we owe it to everyone who's  Frame 20 to 24 text end.   