Frame 24 to 28: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 24 to 28 is: four different images of a man in a suitthe man is looking at the camerathe first  The first scene  is a montage of the main character, james bond, in the middlethe second  The second scene   is a montage of the three different  The second scene  sthe third  The third scene   is a montage of the three main charactersthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a montage of the four main characters speech_text:   SPEAKER 34 says:  He used the stones again.  SPEAKER 2 says:  Hey, hey.  SPEAKER 19 says:  We'd be going in short-handed, you know?  SPEAKER 1 says:  Look, he's still got the stones, so...  SPEAKER 13 says:  So let's get him.  SPEAKER 21 says:  We used them to bring everyone back.  SPEAKER 3 says:  Just like that?  SPEAKER 24 says:  Yeah.  SPEAKER 34 says:  Just like that.  SPEAKER 34 says:  Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this, I mean, we owe it to everyone who's  SPEAKER 34 says:  not in this room to try.  SPEAKER 19 says:  If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?  Frame 24 to 28 text end.   
Frame 28 to 32: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 28 to 32 is: four different images of a woman in a black dressthe man is looking at the woman and she is looking at himthe first  The first scene  is a montage of the main characters in thethe  The second scene   where the woman is talking to the manthe third  The third scene   is a  The third scene   where the main character is in a room with a man and athe fourth  The fourth scene   is a  The fourth scene   where the main character is in a room with a man and a speech_text:   SPEAKER 19 says:  We'd be going in short-handed, you know?  SPEAKER 1 says:  Look, he's still got the stones, so...  SPEAKER 13 says:  So let's get him.  SPEAKER 21 says:  We used them to bring everyone back.  SPEAKER 3 says:  Just like that?  SPEAKER 24 says:  Yeah.  SPEAKER 34 says:  Just like that.  SPEAKER 34 says:  Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this, I mean, we owe it to everyone who's  SPEAKER 34 says:  not in this room to try.  SPEAKER 19 says:  If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?  SPEAKER 21 says:  It was before you didn't have me.  Frame 28 to 32 text end.   
Frame 32 to 36: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 32 to 36 is: four different images of a woman in a black dressthe man is talking to the woman and the woman is talking to the manthe first  The first scene  is a montage of the main character, michael, in thethe  The second scene   where the man is talking to the womanthe third  The third scene   is a  The third scene   where the main character is in a room with a man and athe fourth  The fourth scene   is a montage of the four main characters speech_text:   SPEAKER 13 says:  So let's get him.  SPEAKER 21 says:  We used them to bring everyone back.  SPEAKER 3 says:  Just like that?  SPEAKER 24 says:  Yeah.  SPEAKER 34 says:  Just like that.  SPEAKER 34 says:  Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this, I mean, we owe it to everyone who's  SPEAKER 34 says:  not in this room to try.  SPEAKER 19 says:  If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?  SPEAKER 21 says:  It was before you didn't have me.  SPEAKER 1 says:  Hey, new girl, everybody in this room is about that superhero life.  Frame 32 to 36 text end.   
Frame 36 to 40: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 36 to 40 is: four different  overall scenes s of a woman in black and whitethe woman is talking to the man and the man is looking at herthe first  The first scene  is a man and a woman in a hotel roomthe second  The second scene   is a  The second scene   where the main character is in a room with a man and athe third  The third scene   is a  The third scene   where the woman is in the room with the manthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a close up of the woman's face as she looks at the camera speech_text:   SPEAKER 24 says:  Yeah.  SPEAKER 34 says:  Just like that.  SPEAKER 34 says:  Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this, I mean, we owe it to everyone who's  SPEAKER 34 says:  not in this room to try.  SPEAKER 19 says:  If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?  SPEAKER 21 says:  It was before you didn't have me.  SPEAKER 1 says:  Hey, new girl, everybody in this room is about that superhero life.  SPEAKER 1 says:  And if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time?  Frame 36 to 40 text end.   
Frame 40 to 44: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 40 to 44 is: four different  overall scenes s of a woman in a hotel roomthe man is talking to the woman and the woman is looking at the manthe first  The first scene  is a man and a woman in a hotel roomthe  The second scene   where the woman is in the room with the manthe  The third scene   where the man is in the room with the womanthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a montage of the four main characters in the house speech_text:   SPEAKER 34 says:  not in this room to try.  SPEAKER 19 says:  If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?  SPEAKER 21 says:  It was before you didn't have me.  SPEAKER 1 says:  Hey, new girl, everybody in this room is about that superhero life.  SPEAKER 1 says:  And if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time?  SPEAKER 21 says:  There are a lot of other planets in the universe, but unfortunately, they didn't have you guys.  Frame 40 to 44 text end.   
Frame 44 to 48: visual_text: The vision summary for frame 44 to 48 is: four different images of a woman in a kitchenthe man is talking to the woman and the woman is looking at the manthe first  The first scene  is a man and a woman in a kitchenthe  The second scene   where the woman is sitting at the table and the man is standing behind herthe  The third scene   where the man is sitting at the table and the woman isthe fourth  The fourth scene   is a  The fourth scene   where the main character is in the kitchen and he is talking to speech_text:   SPEAKER 21 says:  It was before you didn't have me.  SPEAKER 1 says:  Hey, new girl, everybody in this room is about that superhero life.  SPEAKER 1 says:  And if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time?  SPEAKER 21 says:  There are a lot of other planets in the universe, but unfortunately, they didn't have you guys.  Frame 44 to 48 text end.   